Update some typos in architecture docs (#4948)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/architecture/concepts/yb-master.md

### Storage of system metadata

> The master stores system metadata such as the information about all the namespaces, tables, roles, permissions, and assignment of tablets to YB-TServers. These system records are replicated across the YB-Masters for redundancy using Raft as well. The system metadata is also stored as a DocDB table by the YB-Masters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each YB-Master stores system metadata, including information about namespaces, tables, roles, permissions, and assignments of tablets to YB-TServers. These system records are replicated across the YB-Masters for redundancy using Raft as well. The system metadata is also stored as a DocDB table by the YB-Masters.
```

### Authoritative source of tablet assignments to YB-TServers

The YB-Master stores all tablets and the corresponding YB-TServers that currently host them. This map of tablets to the hosting YB-TServers is queried by clients (such as the YugabyteDB query layer). Applications using the YugabyteDB smart clients for the YCQL and YSQL APIs are efficient in retrieving data. The smart clients query the YB-Master for the tablet to YB-TServer map and cache it. By doing so, the smart clients can talk directly to the correct YB-TServer to serve various queries without incurring additional network hops.

### Background operations

> These operations are performed throughout the lifetime of the universe in the background without impacting foreground read and write performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These operations are performed throughout the lifetime of the universe, in the background, without impacting foreground read and write performance.
```
